How can you crush LinkedIn ads with a
small budget in 2026? If you're a new
startup getting into LinkedIn, or maybe
you're looking to prove ROI before
scaling your budget further, this video
is for you. If you're new to the
channel, I'm Sylvia Perez. I'm the
founder of Ad Conversion. We teach 9,000
plus B2B marketers how to master ads,
and we manage over $3 million a month in
ad spend for top B2B SAS brands.
Everything I'm talking about today is my
experience working in our ad agency,
scaling LinkedIn accounts for our
clients. The first tip I have for you is
to focus your targeting. Unfortunately,
most people who are new to LinkedIn,
they take a meta mindset where they're
trying to cast a large audience and then
they're letting the algorithm do its
thing and then they're doubling down
like that. With LinkedIn, it's
completely opposite. So, for instance,
instead of casting a really wide net,
imagine this is your audience size.
And this audience here, let's pretend
like this is an audience size of, you
know, 2 million people. This is a lot,
right? Uh and unfortunately, this is
also kind of a waste because with
LinkedIn, the huge advantage you have
compared to any other channel is the
ability to be ultra precise with your
targeting. Because with LinkedIn, you
can target not just based on the person,
but also the company. Which is why when
you're starting with LinkedIn, I highly
recommend that you get ultra specific.
And the way that we explain this to
clients is the impression itself must be
valuable. Meaning, even if we never got
something directly attributable to our
campaigns and how it performed, just
because the brand awareness is so on
point and we know it's getting in front
of the people and the companies that we
care about, we would be comfortable to
continue running the campaigns. So what
does that mean in practice? That means
instead of going after an insanely large
audience, you're looking for the pocket.
So for instance, maybe inside this
massive pool, you can go after a pool of
users that's like an audience size of
30K. And this 30K represents uh a list
of accounts plus job titles. So you're
getting ultra specific. And I highly
recommend when you're just getting
started with LinkedIn and you have a
smaller budget, you really want to make
sure that you are putting yourself in a
position to succeed by uploading a list
of accounts because even with LinkedIn's
targeting, if you don't upload those
list of accounts, you're going to drive
a lot of junk. Uh and the reason why is
because of multiple open roles. So for
instance, a user can have multiple open
roles on their job profile and LinkedIn
will mix and match. So maybe somebody is
the head of sales at their day job, but
then they're also the founder of their
side hustle. So in that case, that
person would be eligible for founder
targeting plus sales targeting. So
because of that, that's why we really
recommend that you put together a list
of accounts even if you're not doing an
ABM. And that way you can really put
yourself in a position to succeed and
get impressions in front of the right
people. One other thing too I want to
mention around focusing your targeting
because when you're just getting started
and really when you're trying to prove
ROI especially to leadership if they're
skeptical maybe you're like a sales
organization you go through events and
and outbound is people don't believe
LinkedIn ads work especially because
with LinkedIn it's harder to show
attribution so in terms of focusing your
targeting another way to think about
this is maybe you're in that salesled
example uh maybe you have let's just say
you have a thousand companies is that
your sales team is working and you want
to prove ROI on LinkedIn with a small
budget and really set yourself up in a
good spot so that you can get buy in in
the future and sell the story to
leadership instead of targeting the all
you know the same the whole thousand
companies. Basically what you want to do
is you want to create an incrementality
test. So you want to create an exposed
group and then a hold out group. And
with the exposed group, these are the
accounts that are going to receive ads
and you're going to measure the overall
performance on your sales process for
the ones that received ads versus the
ones that don't. So in practice, what
this might look like is we'll split it
500 and 500. So for for example, uh
let's say these 500 receive ads and then
the other other 500 they don't receive
ads, right? So, what this is going to do
is now this is already going to set you
up in a good position where you don't
have as much budget. You can't afford
realistically to even go after the whole
thousand to begin with. But what this is
going to do is it's going to give you a
good starting point because you're
focusing your targeting where now you
can prove the impact across these 500
versus these. So now with these 500 that
received ads, I would look at
everything. I would look at what are the
open rates from my outbound emails from
the sales team with the 500 accounts
that are receiving ads versus the ones
that aren't. What's the response rates
look like? What do the connect rates
look like? How many meetings booked are
we getting from these versus the other
ones? How many opportunities pipeline
created? Deals closed. And this will
give you a lot of confidence that your
ads are actually having a positive
impact because it's one thing that we
know theoretically more brand awareness
from the right people will make a
business impact. But this will give you
a structure to prove it and it starts by
foundationally focusing your targeting
especially in the beginning. The second
tip I have is for you to stretch your
small LinkedIn ads budget by using an ad
schedule. So just a quick context and a
visual of why this is so important is
the way that you serve your ads
throughout the day. So most people when
we're running LinkedIn ads, we are
running ads 24 hours, 7 days a week. And
unfortunately, LinkedIn doesn't have any
native features that allow us to control
our ad schedule. So, we're going to need
a thirdparty tool to do this, and I'll
walk you through that in a second. But,
I just want to really stress why this is
important. And so, you understand. Uh,
so imagine this is the morning and this
is the night. And realistically, your
ads, you know, they'll be done by 12:00
p.m. You're out of budget. And now from
12 to 5 or 12 to 12, no one's seeing
your ad anymore. And the reason why this
is happening is because you don't have
an ad schedule in place. And also to
really illustrate the importance of ad
scheduling is imagine that you have $100
a day in daily budget. If you were to
take that $100 in daily budget and you
were to concentrate it across five days
instead of seven days, you could
increase that daily budget by 50%,
increasing it from $100 to $150
simultaneously. If you even took it a
step further and you said, "You know
what? I'm not going to just serve my ads
instead of 5 days a week instead of 7,
but I'm only going to serve my ads,
let's say, from, you know, 8:00 a.m. to,
let's say, 8:00 p.m. So now you're
serving your ads between 8:00 a.m. and
8:00 p.m. And you're not long you're no
longer trying to serve your ads 24 hours
a day. So, by setting up this guardrail
of time plus doing it Monday through
Friday, what this means in practice is
your measly little $100 a day in daily
budget, you're going to increase it by
200% by focusing on concentrating your
spend across seven uh hours or I should
say eight hours instead of 24 hours. So,
this really allows you to just
supercharge the small budget you have.
So you have more concentrated budget
across the times of days and the hours
of the day that matter most. And if
you've been running ads for a while, you
know your ads don't serve equally. So
you know it's not serving specific
amounts at every hour of the day
unfortunately. So with an ad schedule,
we can try to to the best of our ability
try to control the algorithm to serve
where we want it to serve. So in
practice what how we're going to do this
is we're going to use a tool called
Sammy. This is our ad automation
platform that we built. It actually
started as out of desperation cuz we
needed something like this in our ad
agency to scale our clients results and
our team's bandwidth. And in Sammy, what
we're going to do is we're going to set
up an ad schedule. So, I'm going to use
this ad scheduling template that we
have. And let's go ahead and click on
LinkedIn here. And what this is going to
do is it's going to be a two-step
sequence in our workflow. And what this
automation will do is at the end of the
day, it's going to pause my campaigns
and then at the start of the day, it's
going to enable my campaigns. So that
way I'm only serving my ads between 8:00
p.m. and 8:00 a.m. And I can also adjust
my schedule so I only serve my ads 5
days a week instead of 7 days a week.
And if you're listening to this and
you're fearful where you're like,
Sylvio, I don't want to serve my ads 5
days a week because I'm going to miss
out, right? FOMO is hitting you. I just
want to remind you that budget is the
limiting factor. If you're here and you
have a really strong budget and you find
your budget is not getting depleted
every day by 12 PM, then amazing. Like
maybe the ad schedule isn't as important
for you. But if you're like most brands
that are spending less than 50k a month
in ad spend, there's probably a really
good chance that your budgets are
getting depleted much sooner than you
would like. So by setting up an ad
schedule, you can try to consolidate
that effort a bit more intentionally. So
in Sammy, what I would do now is I would
go ahead and modify this rule and I
would just adjust the values here. So in
this case, we have it set seven days a
week. I could do this where it only runs
Monday through Friday. I can adjust my
time frame and then I could do the same
thing now for my second step. So here on
my second step, I would now just go
ahead and mirror the days of the week,
the time that I want. I would save this
and I will publish it. I'm going to go
ahead and link an article below that you
can check out if you want a more
detailed walkthrough of how to set this
up, but I thought it was really
important to show you how you can use
tech to stretch your budget with ad
scheduling. Tip number three is to use
manual bidding. There is a known
strategy on LinkedIn that experts
usually talk about and it's a floor to
ceiling strategy where basically what
this means in practice is you start your
bids low and then over time you increase
it in as you go to try to find the
balance between reach
plus cost. So essentially when you start
running LinkedIn ads, you'll notice
LinkedIn gives you a suggested or
recommended bid. Whatever that
recommended or suggested bid is doesn't
mean that's what you actually have to
bid in order to get volume of reach and
uh you know of course get a reasonable
cost. Often times that recommendation is
much higher than you actually need to
pay. So, what people do is they'll set
their bids extremely low, the absolute
lowest they can be. And then they'll
check their campaigns every single day,
and then over time trying to find the
balance between what they're bidding,
what their cost per click is, and how
much they're actually spending, they'll
continue to ramp the bids up manually to
find the sweet spot between enough
reach, but also a good enough cost. So,
this is a really great way for you to
just effectively arbitrage LinkedIn ads
and try to get LinkedIn to serve for you
at a much more costefficient rate.
However, the downside with this is it
does take more manual work. So, if you
did want to automate the manual bidding
process, uh you could use Sammy for
that. So, inside of Sammy, there is a
template that you could use where you
could essentially set a workflow to
increase or decrease bids on LinkedIn.
Just to show you guys that, it's called
magic bidding. And uh what this does is
it allows you to set a condition and
it'll run on a loop every single day
where basically what it'll do is it'll
look at your manual bid against your
average cost per click. And then if your
manual bid is 90% of your average cost
per click, it'll go ahead and increase
the bid and you can set the bidding
variable and the bidding cap. If you
want to learn more about this, I'll have
a link in the description below that
covers this in much more detail. But the
point is, even if you do this manually,
you want to set a floor bid and then
incrementally over time you continue to
increase it to find the balance between
reach and cost so you can maximize your
smaller budget. Just wanted to take a
quick second and say if you're loving
this video, then you're going to
absolutely love our free courses here at
adconversion.com.
We have free courses on Google ads,
LinkedIn ads, Reddit ads, and more.
Seriously free. You can come check it
out. If you don't believe me, check out
our wall of love where you can see all
of the testimonials from past students.
We're really just trying to create the
go-to place to master B2B ads. So, if
you're interested in this, go check it
out. Link in the comment below. Tip
number four is to avoid budget dilution.
Budget dilution happens when you launch
too many campaigns and you don't have
the amount of budget to support the
volume of campaigns that you're trying
to launch. This happens all the time,
especially with more enterprise
organizations. People have an obsession
with launching campaigns. They'll just
launch campaign after campaign after
campaign. And then in practice, you
know, when you take their daily budget
and you spread it across each campaign,
maybe they only have, you know, which is
a real risk, they have like $20 a day in
daily budget on a campaign, but then at
the same time, their average cost per
click is $15. So in this world which
happens all the time on LinkedIn you
have a $20 a day daily budget on that
campaign and then it costs you $15 a
click that means you get one click your
campaign is over right the amount of
time that it's going to take for you to
acrew enough sample size is going to be
forever and you would be much better off
in this hypothetical scenario instead of
just having $20 a day on one campaign
you consolidate and you pause these
other ones and then you ramp the budget
on this one let's say from $20 a day to
$200 a day. So now you can learn, you
know, four 5x the speed because you're
consolidating, concentrating your effort
so you can get enough sample size in a
quick enough time frame. So just to give
you guys the long story short here and a
general recommendation, never ever ever
drop the daily budget of your LinkedIn
ad campaign as a starting point unless
you have a good reason otherwise. I
would recommend not going lower than
$100 a day in daily budget. absolute
minimum $50 a day because if you're less
than 100 or less than 50, it's just not
going to give you a lot of flexibility
to learn fast enough and get out of the
launch phase so that now you can go into
the optimization and scaling phases of
your campaigns. And remember too because
this is just a starting point. Imagine,
you know, in this case, imagine I have
this campaign that's doing well and then
I have these three other ones. And
imagine I only have $200 a day to spare.
What happens if this campaign starts to
do well? I'm going to increase the
budget, right? So, you're even more
restricted by budget than you realize.
So, as a general recommendation, just
take whatever your monthly budget is,
divide that by 30.4 for the average days
in the month, and that amount that you
get is how much you can spend per day,
and then divide that amount by 50 at the
absolute minimum, and then 100 as a
starting point, and that'll tell you how
many campaigns you can actually have and
afford based on your current budget. Tip
number five is to catch your wasted ad
spend faster. When you're dealing with
small budgets, especially on a channel
like LinkedIn, things are expensive and
you need to be fast and proactive on
catching wasted ad spend because
unfortunately, you just don't have the
flexibility to waste money. And
honestly, I think it's a good mindset
and frame to have even when you have
money. You should pretend like you don't
so that way you can be much more
proactive because it's really easy to
get wasteful with your ads. And just to
show you a quick example of what this
looks like is let's pretend we had one
campaign. There was five ads in that one
campaign and our goal was to get leads
for less than $100. So basically what
this means is our ad must spend at least
$100 before we even consider turning it
off because the goal is to get leads for
less than $100. And what happens in
practice is, and by the way, that's
being super conservative because
realistically you don't want to kill
your ads prematurely. So what you'll do
is you'll set your target to be 2 to 3x
your target. So if I want leads for
$100, I'll let my ad spend $200, $300
before determining it's a loser and
turning it off. But let's just pretend
you're being as strict as possible
because you don't have a lot of budget.
That means the moment the ad spends more
than $100 and it doesn't generate a
lead, it gets it has to get killed. But
we're not checking our ads 24 hours a
day. We're busy. We're doing other
things. So what happens in practice is
your ad spend way over that. And you're
just the difference between 100 and
whatever you spent over that is just
wasted ad spend. So for example, imagine
these two ads here didn't get a lead,
but they're over our $100 target. That
means I wasted in this case $100 here
because it's $100 over my target of 100.
And then I wasted $30 here. So in total,
I just wasted $130 in this hypothetical
example. And this is one campaign. In
reality, most people are running more
campaigns than this. And they're not
checking their ads that fast. So that
$130 turns into $300, which turns into
$500. Fast forward, it turns into
$1,000. And this stuff adds up
dramatically fast. So if you have a
small budget, you have to be even more
disciplined about pausing your ads when
they're underperforming. because you
cannot afford otherwise. And I want to
just show you really quickly if you want
to automate this in Sammy, you can. You
can create a workflow that will check
your ads every single hour. And the
moment that ad exceeds your cost target
without performing, it gets shut off. Or
at the very minimum, you get notified
directly so you can shut it off. So for
example, inside of Sammy, what I'm going
to do is I'm going to go ahead and
create a new SAM. And we've got a
template to make this super fast and
easy. And what we're going to do is
we're going to create a SAM using this
rule called non-performing ads. Uh I'm
going to go and select LinkedIn for the
sake of this video. I'm going to modify
my rule. And what this does is it's
looking over my ads in the campaigns
that I would select for my customer
account. And the moment the cost is
greater than my target. So using the
hypothetical example, the moment cost is
greater than 100 and conversions are
less than one, it's going to go ahead
and shut off those ads. Or at the very
minimum, I can set up manual approval.
So when I get notified in Slack, I have
to give the last final say to Sammy
saying, "Hey, yes, go ahead and pause
these ads. It's time to to kill them."
So using automation, I can just
streamline my efforts, right? and just
waste that wasted ad spend. The gap
between wasted ad spend and productive
ad spend just drops even more. And for
context, this will run every single
hour. So 24 hours a day, your ads are
being looked at. This is so important,
especially when you have smaller
budgets. And if you're listening to this
and you're like, "Silio, I don't really
care about conversions. I care about um,
you know, meetings booked." As long as
you have the conversion event inside of
your campaigns, inside your ad manager.
So in this case, I've got all of these
HubSpot events. I can use that as well.
So in this case, if my cost is greater
than this and MQLs are less than one,
it's eligible. So you can completely
modify the rule. You could even do this
for awareness campaigns. And and the
point I'm really speaking to here is I'm
not really trying to speak to just the
capabilities of Sammy, but the tip
itself is you need to get proactive
about catching your wasted ad spend
because if you're just letting your
spend waste, you don't have the budget
in the first place, right? It's not
going to work out for you. But just to
show you here, like even if I wasn't
doing a lead generation example, maybe I
was focusing on awareness, I could
completely create an awareness-based
rule. The point is is there is a logic
to when you decide what you do in your
account. And if there isn't a logic
right now, that's already pointing at a
much deeper problem that you have to
solve first. So in an awareness example,
maybe I'm looking at uh my engagement
rate and I'm looking at the engagement
rate is less than my average engagement
rate and I have at least
a,000 impressions. So, I need to spend
enough money in order to generate a,000
impressions in an awareness example so
that I have productive spend, which is
getting to a,000 impressions. And then
everything after the 1,000 impressions,
if it's an underperformer, is
unproductive spend, aka wasted spend. I
hope you found this video valuable. I am
rooting for you. All budgets start small
and eventually they ramp up over time.
So, don't let a small budget scare you
from LinkedIn ads. It can really be an
incredible platform, especially if
you're in B2B. Uh, if you can, please go
ahead and give this video a thumbs up.
Really helps us grow our reach as a
small channel. Subscribe so you can be
notified of future videos. And when
you're ready, come check us out at
adconversion.com and join our community
of 9,000 plus video marketers mastering
ads with our free courses. Thanks so
much. See you in the next one.